Chore(infrastructure)/remove indexer docker (#664)
scale-it/algo-builder: infrastructure/README.md

### Installation with docker

> The Indexer automatic start when you run sandbox algorand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Indexer starts automatically when you run sandbox algorand.
```

> The Indexer starts automatically when you run sandbox algorand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Indexer starts automatically when you run Algorand Sandbox.
```
